Hi, my name is Adithyan Pratheeksh Nair, 18 years old. My birthplace is Shornur, Palakad and I live in Aluva, Ernakulam. I am enrolled in Computer Science and Engineering (Artificial Intelligence Engineering) [Semester 2] in Amrita Vishwa Vidyapeetham (Amritapuri). I am in the Crypto category of the CTF in team bi0s. I studied in Chinmaya Vidyalaya Tarapur till my 10th grade and then me and my mother to Kerala and I completed my 11th grade and 12th grade (Computer Science)but with most of his classes being online, I did not studied much of anything. in Rajagiri Public School, Kalamassery. My family includes my father, my mother and myself. My family lives in Tarapur. My father works as a Deputy General Manager in D'Decor Home Fabrics in Tarapur, Maharashtra. My mother worked as a Social Science teacher.

During my free time I like to play football, cricket or badminton. I like to read books and novels mostly related to psychology. I hear to music during my free time. I also watch anime. In school in liked mathematics the most even though I did not get any good grades in it. I studied languages like C and python. I like to do python a lot. I also made one project based on python and mysql with a friend of mine in my free time. The project was 'AIRLINK INFOTECH'. It was based on the ticketing agency. We tried to maintain all database of records containing the information of its employees as well as the ticket transaction data which are optimized into MySQL tables. for which we used mysql. Employee and sales data are inputted into MySQL tables. There are 3 tables - 1 to save the username and passwords, another to store all Employee details and last one contains the data of all the transactions made through the firm. These records can be updated, deleted, analyzed and compared with the other records in the table. 

The program consists of two sections of the company namely the sales and the HR department. The employees falling under the HR department has complete freedom to modify, delete and update data of all the employees after giving their correct username and password. Another table is created  This can only be accessed by the sales department of this company. The data from this is used to compare the sales of different flights, modify the data if needed, track particular transactions and graphically analyze the growth of various flights through the course of the year. Thus, this program can be used by a company to provide a systematic approach to sort, alter and analyze the bulk of data a company like a ticketing agency receives on a daily basis.

I didn't have any CTF background. I heard about ctf as well as bi0s club from my friends only when I came to Amrita. That was the first time I heard about it. I also wanted to join a club. My first ctf was bi0s ctf that was for recruitment. I started doing the ctf because I was curious about it. So I started doing it. At first I was not able to do any challenges in the ctf. I searched a lot about each and every challeneges and I also asked for hints. Sometimes I felt like I won't be able to do any challenge. But still i did not give up. I tried my best to so;ve the challenges. At last I was able to remain in top 10 (even though I was at the last rank) and I still could not do all the challenges from it. I was happy about remaining in the top 10. After doing the challenges and the '4 week challenge' (few more challenges after the ctf), I understood that I was able to understand more challenges from crypto category as compared to other categories and I also like it because it's mostly based on mathematics and mostly python is used. So I decided to join crypto category. Cryptography is the practice and study of techniques for secure communication in the presence of third parties. Crypto is really interesting. When I heard about the where encryption and decryption is used and how to encrypt and decrypt. After understanding a bit of RSA, symmetric ciphersas well as number theory it was really interesting and I want to know more about it. I want to enjoy as much as possible while learning crypto.